.TH "DataSet" 3 "27 Jul 2010" "Version version2.0" "MOCLE" \" -*- nroff -*-
.ad l
.nh
.SH NAME
DataSet \- 
.PP
Responsible to manage the dataset file into the memory.  

.SH SYNOPSIS
.br
.PP
.PP
\fC#include <DataSet.h>\fP
.SS "Public Member Functions"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataSet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBDataSet\fP (string sPathADataSet, string sANameDataSet)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "map< string, map< string, double > > \fBgenerateMatrix\fP (\fBSimilarity\fP *pAObSimilarity)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBtabulateMappingDataSet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNumberOfFeature\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "int \fBgetNumberOfObjects\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "string \fBgetNameDataSet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "map< string, vector< double > > \fBgetMapVector\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "fs::path \fBgetPathToDataSet\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< string > \fBgetVElements\fP ()"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "\fBRelationSDN\fP * \fBgetRelation\fP (int iAPosRelation)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBaddNewRelationSDN\fP (\fBSimilarity\fP *pAObSimilarity)"
.br
.ti -1c
.RI "void \fBsetNameDataSet\fP (string sANameDataSet)"
.br
.in -1c
.SS "Public Attributes"

.in +1c
.ti -1c
.RI "vector< \fBSimilarity\fP * > \fBvectorObSimilarity\fP"
.br
.in -1c
.SH "Detailed Description"
.PP 
Responsible to manage the dataset file into the memory. 

\fBAuthor:\fP
.RS 4
Valter Henrique, Gustavo Henrique 
.RE
.PP
\fBSince:\fP
.RS 4
01/02/10 
.RE
.PP
\fBVersion:\fP
.RS 4
2.0 Dataset class is responsible to inform the data to MOCLE 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 40 of file DataSet.h.
.SH "Constructor & Destructor Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "DataSet::DataSet ()"Does nothing 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIDon't\fP have any parameter 
.RE
.PP

.SS "DataSet::DataSet (string sPathADataSet, string sANameDataSet)"Ask to the user what kind format is the dataset then choose a specific method to pass the dataset to memory of the computer 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIthe\fP path to the dataset in the computer 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 10 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
References tabulateMappingDataSet().
.SH "Member Function Documentation"
.PP 
.SS "void DataSet::addNewRelationSDN (\fBSimilarity\fP * pAObSimilarity)"Add new object \fBRelationSDN\fP in vectorRelations vector 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIObject\fP similarity 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Don't have 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 40 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
References generateMatrix(), RelationSDN::setNnList(), RelationSDN::setSimilarity(), and RelationSDN::setSimilarityMatrix().
.SS "map< string, map< string, double > > DataSet::generateMatrix (\fBSimilarity\fP * pAObSimilarity)"Generate the Distance matrix get in the dataset file to the memory 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIObject\fP similarity 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Matrix map 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 52 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
References Similarity::calculate().
.PP
Referenced by addNewRelationSDN().
.SS "map< string, vector< double > > DataSet::getMapVector ()"Returns the dataset mapped int th struct 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
pathToDataSet 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 131 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Silhouette::calculate(), and Deviation::calculate().
.SS "int DataSet::getNumberOfFeature ()"Returns the number of features existing in dataset 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
iNumFeatures 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 119 of file DataSet.cpp.
.SS "int DataSet::getNumberOfObjects ()"Returns the number of objects existing in dataset 
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
iNumFeatures 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 123 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Connectivity::calculate(), and Partition::generateRandomPartition().
.SS "\fBRelationSDN\fP * DataSet::getRelation (int iAPosRelation)"Return pointer for vector \fBRelationSDN\fP 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIPosition\fP of vector 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
RelationSDN* 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 36 of file DataSet.cpp.
.SS "vector< string > DataSet::getVElements ()"Return vector of all objects from dataset 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIDon't\fP have 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
vector<string> 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 32 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by Connectivity::calculate().
.SS "void DataSet::setNameDataSet (string sANameDataSet)"Set the name of the dataset file 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIString\fP sANameDataset 
.RE
.PP
\fBReturns:\fP
.RS 4
Don't have 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 135 of file DataSet.cpp.
.SS "void DataSet::tabulateMappingDataSet ()"Read the file passed in the argument pathADatSet and allocate in the memory 
.PP
\fBParameters:\fP
.RS 4
\fIpathADataSet\fP receive the path from the dataset 
.RE
.PP

.PP
Definition at line 77 of file DataSet.cpp.
.PP
Referenced by DataSet().

.SH "Author"
.PP 
Generated automatically by Doxygen for MOCLE from the source code.
